Update README to include instructions for running jekyll with docker rather than installing it. (#443)
screwdriver-cd/guide: README.md

Have a look at our guidelines, as well as pointers on where to start making changes, in our [contributing guide](http://docs.screwdriver.cd/about/contributing).

> The guide is powered by Jekyll. There are two ways to run jekyll, via docker and by installing.
> 
> ### Running jekyll using docker
> 
> 1. Install [docker-desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) if you haven't already.
> 1. Ensure docker is running - `docker info` should give you info; if not, then on mac, you can launch easily via `open -a /Applications/Docker.app/` - launching on CLI (rather than double-clicking) has advantage of exporting your `$SSH_AUTH_SOCK` and `ssh-agent` will work properly, should you need it at some point. 
> 1. Run the jekyll docker image with mount of `$PWD` to its serving location and with `-ti` so `^C` will kill it.
>    ```bash
>    docker run -v $PWD:/srv/jekyll:rw -p 4080:4000 -it jekyll/jekyll jekyll serve --source docs --destination _site
>    ```
> 
> ### Running jekyll by installing
> 
> In order to install Jekyll you'll need Ruby, the Ruby package manager (RubyGems), and bundle to install and run Jekyll. You can check if you have these already installed like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guide is powered by Jekyll. There are two ways to run Jekyll: via Docker and via installation.

### Running Jekyll using Docker

1. Install [docker-desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop) if you haven't already.
1. Ensure Docker is running with `docker info`; if not, then on Mac, you can launch easily using `open -a /Applications/Docker.app/`. Launching on CLI (rather than double-clicking) has advantage of exporting your `$SSH_AUTH_SOCK` and `ssh-agent` will work properly, should you need it at some point. 
1. Run the Jekyll Docker image with mount of `$PWD` to its serving location and with `-ti` so `^C` will kill it.
   ```bash
   docker run -v $PWD:/srv/jekyll:rw -p 4080:4000 -it jekyll/jekyll jekyll serve --source docs --destination _site
   ```

### Running Jekyll by installing

In order to install Jekyll you'll need Ruby, the Ruby package manager (RubyGems), and bundle to install and run Jekyll. You can check if you have these already installed like so:
```
